90 ContributorsThe Code LyricsOn “The Code,” Chicago stars King Von & Polo G send a vivid warning to their oppositions over dark production. It holds one of Polo’s most aggressive deliveries, along with Von’s signature lyrical style that… Read More 
(Yo, Ayo)
(JTK)
Huh (These niggas know me for real)
What? (For real)
Von (Huh, Von)

Rob who? Take what? You tweakin' (You tweakin')
I said it was war, lil' nigga, I mean it
I done got out the floor, who got shot? I don't know
Headshots up close, lil' nigga, I seened it
Gun got dirty, lil' nigga, I cleaned it (I cleaned it)
.45 Glock on the bottom where the beam is (Where the beam is)
If a nigga move foul then we aiming where his team is
Sitting lil' niggas down, motherfucker, you ain't mean it
Get caught, just stick to the code (Uh)
Got some niggas locked up and they know what they know (Yeah)
My homie lost trial, he'll be gone for a while (What?)
If he give up me then they letting him go (Damn)
He won't be back on the streets 'til he old (Shit)
Everyone that he love, they gon' be gone
I know some niggas that's quick to give police a tip (Huh, what?)
But my nigga, he never folded

I don't really give a fuck what the blogs said, too official to clear up a rumor
My homie laugh hard, heard a opp was dead, guess he got a killer's sense of humor
I heard that pussy been thinking 'bout death, well, that bullet gon' stick to his mind like a tumor (Uh-huh)
Catch him and change him, look how they played him (Uh-huh), he only gangster up on his computer (Boom)
He played it foul and we gave him a pass, that don't mean we won't get on yo' ass in the future
And I won't trip when my lil' brother clutching, know how he puttin' in work with that Ruger (Grra-grra)
My sneakers Louboutin, these ain't Puma's
I got a low-end ho, she a booster
Nut on her face and I call her an Uber
He saving these hoes like his first name was Super
Now it's time to ride, is you ready or what?
Caught a few homicides, now they ain't letting up (Yeah)
Thirteen hundred shots when we ride in them trucks
Get on any side and we fucking you up
I used to trap with the gangsters and clucks
Straight in the slums where they prayin' for luck
Like I'm Giannis, I play for them bucks
Hood on my back and I came in it clutch, bitch

Rob who? Take what? You tweakin' (Von)
I said it was war, lil' nigga, I mean it (Uh-huh)
I done got out the floor, who got shot? I don't know (Who)
Headshots up close, lil' nigga, I seened it (Damn, boom)
Gun got dirty, lil' nigga, I cleaned it (Yeah)
.45 Glock on the bottom where the beam is (Uh-huh)
If a nigga move foul then we aiming where his team is
Sitting lil' niggas down, motherfucker, you ain't mean it
Get caught, just stick to the code (Uh)
Got some niggas locked up and they know what they know
My homie lost trial, he'll be gone for a while (He gone?)
If he give up me then they letting him go (Damn)
He won't be back on the streets 'til he old (Nah)
Everyone that he love, they gon' be gone (Nah, nah)
I know some niggas that's quick to give police a tip
But my nigga, he never folded

I got my first hundred thou' and I broke it down
With my team, boy, I am so goated
I always stuck out in the crowd when I was a child (Yeah)
I was special and my mama noticed (They knew it)
That nigga cool, but Von, he the coldest (Brrr)
I live my life like a book and I wrote it (Uh-huh)
I drop a song, then these niggas quote it (Uh-huh)
If he lookin' for me, I'm probably where his ho is (Yeah)
Only fuck bitches that's bad, ain't got no kids (Yeah)
I'm going crazy like I ain't got no sense (Yeah, yeah)
You in that car and that bitch ain't got no tint (Huh?)
We pulling up and we letting off four knicks (Rrrah, rrrah)
Don't need cap credit we giving out facelifts
He breathing hard, don't think he gon' make it (Boom, boom)
I chopped the block up and ain't have my face mask (Boom, boom)
So I'ma stay in, that's how my day end (Boom, boom)
Say he a heavy, we see at the weigh-in (We see)
He want a song or a verse, gotta pay then (Yeah, huh?)
Don't see me stopping, don't know where my brakes is (Nah)
Only want blues, man I’m starting to get racist
Shit be getting real in that field and them chases
Can't go back now, I got too many cases (Skrrt, skrrt, nah)
You don't look for me and see too many faces (Bitch, bitch)
Nigga, you in the way, and bitch, I'm your replacement (Bah, bah, bah, boom)

Rob who? Take what? You tweakin'
I said it was war, lil' nigga, I mean it
I done got out the floor, who got shot? I don't know
Headshots up close, lil' nigga, I seened it
Gun got dirty, lil' nigga, I cleaned it (I cleaned it)
.45 Glock on the bottom where the beam is (Where the beam is)
If a nigga move foul then we aiming where his team is
Sitting lil' niggas down, motherfucker, you ain't mean it
Get caught, just stick to the code (Uh)
Got some niggas locked up and they know what they know (Yeah)
My homie lost trial, he'll be gone for a while (What?)
If he give up me then they letting him go (Damn)
He won't be back on the streets 'til he old (Shit)
Everyone that he love, they gon' be gone
I know some niggas that's quick to give police a tip (Huh, what?)
But my nigga, he never folded (Nah)