142 ContributorsInsecure Lyrics“Insecure” is a diss track by popular YouTuber, Quadeca towards British YouTuber, KSI.
The beef started when KSI called out various YouTube rappers on Miniminter’s podcast with YouTuber/Rapper Randolph.
… Read More 

He's so insecure
Nowhere to run, nowhere for more

Nah, sike, fuck that shit, fuck that shit
(Yeah, yeah, you already know, bro)
Turn up the fuckin' beat, bro, hahaha
(KSI, what the fuck are you talkin' about, man?)
Yeah, yeah, man, c'mon, man, c'mon
(C'mon, none of that fake deep shit in my diss tracks, bro)
None of that, none of that (Hahaha, yeah)
Ayy (Antt Beatz)

JJ, I'm so sorry you're angry (Sorry)
Hairline so fucked up, your barber is Tay Keith (Haha)
I'm eighteen, makin' main stages (Uh-huh)
You were eighteen and a virgin in the basement makin' rape faces (What?)
And now you really think your music is the most heat? (Uh-huh)
Oh, that's so profound, you changed? That's so deep
Shut the fuck up, leave the studio and record some FIFA (Hehe)
They torture people with your music out in North Korea
Got so big and made so many stacks (Uh-huh)
That your friends are terrified to let you know that you're wack (True)
Now your homies are your yes-men, ego's over the max (Wow)
Call Shane Dawson, I think this guy's a sociopath, huh? (Haha)
I saw you leave the studio with Diss God
You don't make your own shit, so how you gonna diss Quad? (How?)
Had to point the finger like when old folks typin'
But I killed your writer once, now he a ghost-ghost writer, ayy
I never thought that KSI would make me get in the booth (Nah)
But all your friends fuckin' with me, way more heavy than you (Ahaha, it's true)
I'm tellin' the truth, I'm small, I'm skinny, I'm white
I got a lisp, I'm awkward, and I'm fuckin' better than you, yeah
Yeah, let's take it back to the past
When you made a vid, and people would actually laugh
At how you reacted to packs instead of how bad you could rap, huh
It's actually sad how you don't know that you are actually bad, it's actually mad
I'm actually really gonna get up to the bands, but I'll never understand why you really wanna ban me
Yes-men actin' like a fan, but they keep you in a bubble that you live in like Sandy
I just been stickin' to plan A, you more a fan of the plan B (Huh?)
I know it must be hard, you're like, "My own fans can't stand me" (Antt Beatz)
Yeah, your music is not complex
You talk nonsense, mediocre wit' a god-complex (Hahaha)
You're delusional, on drugs, or you fuse the two
You're like the black Marina Joyce meets FouseyTube, huh
How you gonna call me awkward? You a big nerd
Make you turn blue in the face just like you Squidward
But to be honest, bro, I wish that I was still a fan
Logan Paul, come and film this, I think I just killed a man (Bitch, hahaha, yeah)

Bitch (Bitch)
I don't care about no mo'fuckin' whip, no, no (I don't care about no whip)
Fuck them diamonds on your wrist, no (Fuck them diamonds on your wrist, wrist)
There's more to life than this, yeah, yeah (There's more)

I got you insecure
Turn your whole life into a blur
Had to let you right back in my world

—Say, if Quadeca's watching this right now
He will one-hundred percent disagree with you
And think he is better than you because of whayt-wha-what you've put out
Yeah, and then, I'ma put stuff out (I think that's just-)
And then, I'm gonna blow him out the fuckin' water— (Hehehe—)

Yeah, you ridin' waves, can't get out of the water
Can't buy a good song for a dollar (Huh, huh)
I ain't never been the type to just follow (Huh, no)
You like, "How much wood could a woodchuck chuck?"
Just shut the fuck up, time to stop, bro (For real)
Sayin' words, but they all feelin' hollow (Yeah)
Put down the mic and pick up the Elgato (Hahaha, yeah)
I used to watch this guy, back in grade five (Yeah, uh-huh)
The Sidemen, they ain't even on your side (No-no)
Decide, man, what's the reason they would lie? (What's the reason?)
Quadeca on their playlist more than KSI (Haha)
Yeah, JJ shootin' shots like an AK
But he made waves bein' lonely with a rape face
Now he change face thinkin' that he gonna save face
Hit 'em from across the fuckin' ponds, no Lele
Lele, this my payday, you a neigh-say
JJ, bro, you change-changed from the great days
And not in a good way, in a bad way
How you gonna talk that way when you're trash, mate? (Ayy, yeah)
Yeah, I just checked out what your 'Gram was on (Yeah, uh-huh)
Yeah, not a photo without a bandana on (No)
Yeah, keep that hidden, you so scared, why? (Why?)
What you hidin' more? Is it your girlfriend or your hairline? (Oh-ho-ho)
Look, bro, I'm getting confused
The real music ain't really gettin' no views (No)
When you said, "I'm done with music"
We all wished that you were tellin' the truth (Haha)
You had to go transform?
That's so deep and you're so sick (Wow)
KSI, you're an asshole
And you transformed into a bigger prick (Hahaha)
Yeah, no, you can't get on my caliber (Nope)
British bitches tryna shoot they shot, Boston Massacre (Yeah)
Know I'm too spectacular, I just can't find your talent, sir (Where?)
I think that ended back in 2012, just like that calendar (Hoo-hoo)
Dodge the bullshit like a matador
Just tell me, the fuck are you rappin' for?
Bitch, I do not gotta go boxin' to knock you
And pop your whole head goin' back and forth (Huh?)
I got the drive, you a passenger
They ask, "Could I hop on your track or verse?"
I think I would rather get stabbed by a dagger
And die while I'm wearin' some Maverick merch

You wanna fight Quadeca?
That's what I mean, like, I fuckin'-
Bro, that's what I mean, you can't beat me
I'm a fuckin', like, unbeatable force
And Quadeca's gonna think he's better than you?
Yeah, but please, please, man
Hahaha
Don't— get that shit out my face
Haha
God